Name,Rating,Comments
Manish Tomar,5.0 out of 5 stars,"One of the best BP monitoring machine available in market. The Omron Connect App is flawless and seamlessly transfers the data, contains tons of useful features. The reading are accurate to +- 5 mm/hg. To get the precise reading you need to relax for 5 min in chair, keep your full hand with elbow support on table, straight back, with both legs straight touching ground. The record keeping is excellent and can be exported in the form of pdf/csv which when demanded can be emailed to your registered email. The report can prove useful for doctors to study your BP pattern. Try to be consistent in taking readings daily both in morning and evening at the same time. Bit expensive but worth it. If you are looking for an excellent BP measurement machine, just go for it without second thought. Highly recommended !!"
SNayak,4.0 out of 5 stars,"Accuracy is consistant (as compared with professional units at hospital).Low noise operation. Physical user switch is the most usefull feature if you want to monitor 2 person readings. You can quickly swap the user.Handcuff is very nice, comfortable and easy to use.Large display for clear reading, backlight is missing.Bluetooth connectivity ensures easy data sync with App. App is basic, simple and clean, could have more features.There seems to be quite a lot of functions which I have not explored yet."
Cerebralazzazzin,5.0 out of 5 stars,"The machine is a reliable solution for high-pressure patients it allows one to easily measure and track blood pressure levels at home. It is Bluetooth-enabled, allows to connect it to the smartphone. This helps to conveniently store and analyze blood pressure data using compatible mobile applications."
YS,5.0 out of 5 stars,The Omron BP instrument is working very well. It has accurate measurement repeat ability. The features of this model is very advanced and has Bluetooth connectivity with the mobile for storage and a log report as part of the Omron app. Excellent product for the money spent.
Tisil K Kodithottam,5.0 out of 5 stars,"Omron HEM 7361T is a top-quality blood pressure monitor that exceeded my expectations. I bought this for my parents as both of them have high BP.After using this machine regularly for the past couple of months, I find the following things very beneficial:(1) It's very easy to use, just tie the handcuff and press the start switch, you will get your readings.(2) 360 degree intelliwrap cuff and cuff wrapping guice make it very easy to tie the cuff for non professional users.(3) The reading involves both systolic and diastolic pressure as well as hear beat rate.(4) The display is quite large and readings are shown in big letters.(5) Prior reading and current/latest reading are shown side by side so you would easily get an idea about BP change between current and last measures.(6) Bluetooth connectivity and Omoron app helps you sync your readings between mobile and the device.(7) Storage for readings helps you view your past readings at any time.(8) Dual users options for storing readings for two persons seperately and users can be changed easliy by simple toggle of a slide switch.(9) Afib indicator and irregular heart beat detection are the extra functions that I found very benefical.(10) The device is powered by 4 AA batteries which are easily available in local shops.(11) 3 year warranty offered by Omoron gives us peace of mind.There are many more benefits and advanced functions like average of morining readings, average of evening readings, average of last three measures, ultra quite operation, body movement detection etc., but the above mentioned 11 benefits will be most appealing for a normal user like me. I didn't see any disadvantages for this machine as it does more that what a pressure monitor is intended to do. Though little pricier, the functions and quality offered by this machine, as well as a 3 year warranty completely justifies its price. Moreover, I recieved a promotion and got it for Rs.  3,749.00 /-. If you are interested in buying a pressure monitor for long term usage, you can confidently go for this one. Thank you for reading my review."
Gopi B.,4.0 out of 5 stars,Product was so good. Tried with family persons. Results looks accurate. We got 4 batteries. Device have 6v power adaptor pin.  Device price is more but didn't get power adaptor. Must recommend for accuracy point.
GR,5.0 out of 5 stars,"it is really a very useful product for senior citizens.easy to use as the hand cuff adjust itself so there is no problem of the cuff being too tight or loose,so the measurements are most likely to be correct."
Priyam C.,5.0 out of 5 stars,"Omron HEM 7361T Bluetooth Digital Blood Pressure Monitor is overall an excellent product and here I am going to share some of my thoughts after using this for a few months.Pros:The main Pro of this product is that it doesn’t have any major cons as such. I purchased this one just because of some reasons and I am sharing all of that.1. It is super accurate. I also have a manual sphygmomanometer and I cross-checked the accuracy of this digital machine many times ad every time it was accurate. You can easily believe it’s reading. My only suggestion is that, please use Duracell batteries (which were also provided in the box).2. The ability to store previous readings for two persons seamlessly is one of the major pros of this product. I can store both of my parents’ BP data in the machine and can toggle the 1-2 button to access the data in one go.3. The latex-free cuff is very durable and it is really good. Even the BP machine denotes whether the cuff is tied properly or not, so a novice can also use that. Maybe it is a very tiny feature but good brands always work in detail.Cons:Although this machine doesn’t have any cons as such still, I can point out that the Bluetooth app pairing is not so smooth. It sometimes works, sometimes not. However, the Bluetooth feature is secondary for a BP machine and I don’t use this feature, to be honest, so I am neat picking. Even if the Bluetooth feature wouldn’t there, I will still recommend this product to everyone."
Sundar,4.0 out of 5 stars,Little hard to understand it's symbols..not intuitive..one has to read manual
ROMY JAIPURIA,5.0 out of 5 stars,Great product
aseem jaggia,5.0 out of 5 stars,Good product for 2 users
Shivam Singh Chauhan,5.0 out of 5 stars,"Works fine, If possible reduce the price"
IMRAN,5.0 out of 5 stars,We like this Quality And perfect for Home
an123,5.0 out of 5 stars,"Working fine.Bought a adapter also. Kept the batteries as manual says it will keep the device clock on.Or else you will have to connect through Bluetooth to synchronize the clocks every time you switch on.The readings seems to be correct. It has bigger display.Paid 5293/-, which I feel is more."
Sudhir N,3.0 out of 5 stars,There is a much difference between manual and automatic. This machine almost gives 15 to 20 difference
Product is good but pakaging is not the same as in the picture. The container was of poor quality and was not air tight. Kindly change the photo of the container according the REAL one.,5.0 out of 5 stars,Omron has always been i great company and brand concerning affordable medical equipments. Will surely recommend.
Atul Kothadiya,5.0 out of 5 stars,I bought this Omron digital BP monitor. It gives very accurate reading. I can see my previous readings on the app which has been connected though Bluetooth. It's very convenient and easy to use. The cuff gets properly fitted over the arm which is of atmost importance as the accuracy of the reading varies on whether the cuff is tied too tight or to loose.
Subir,5.0 out of 5 stars,Accurate BP display if you follow the guidelines for measure BP. Both for home use and professional use.
Balaji,5.0 out of 5 stars,"Omron is a reputed brand. I had no hesitation about which brand I was supposed to buy. However, I had a tough time selecting among the models. The one I have purchased, suited my needs of monitoring multi user data using the same device.The Omron connect app is very handy and lets you handle the data with ease.To conclude, I am happy with the purchase and would recommend, in particular, this 7361T model."
Prasad R,5.0 out of 5 stars,"This is certainly a top of the line product.It is amazingly accurate; successive readings that I have verified against a mercury sphygmomanometer differed by less than 1% (plus or minus). I am convinced I do not need to go to a doc anymore to verify the readings I take with this meter.The meter is quite easy to set up and use. The provision for recording the readings of  two users separately comes in pretty handy.The Intelliwrap technology that the cuff sports takes away the hassle of adjusting the position of the tube.The facility to transfer the readings to a phone via their Omron  Connect App is another nifty feature that sets this model part from the other monitors. Yes, it is slightly costlier than the other Omron BP  monitors but I think the little extra money spent on it is well worth it.The display is clear with large digits, making it eminently suitable even for elderly people with weak vision.The best thing, though, is the amazing customer service that Omron provides. No query of mine took more than 15 minutes to get a detailed reply.I wish, though, that the carry case that comes with the monitor were a little wider - say another one centimeter or so - so that the cuff need not be squeezed in.Recommended confidently."
